I heard that he came back day and night on a fast horse
This is to catch this palace by surprise
Somebody arrest them all
This is the First Prince's order
Quickly bring them in
You scoundrel really let the shemale down
Unfilial son
Please take care of the jade body
Go back to the bedroom
Ye Xuan and Ye Li are still suspects who rely on the demon clan
Do not let them face the emperor
You can't live in the palace
Yes
Let's go to see the eldest prince like this
Isn't it sheep into the tiger's mouth?
Don't worry, that's my big brother.
It won't hurt us.
third brother and fourth brother
I heard that you haven't eaten well recently.
Is it not delicious to cook with the chef?
It's delicious
Same as what I usually eat
I will eat with you from now on
Muze, what are you doing?
Yeah, spit it out
Take the eldest prince away
Little beast
Since then?
We don't have to worry about eating anymore
Do you remember what happened when you were a child?
Of course, hey.
Third brother can't do this
Didn't you tell my sister-in-law?
hum
I didn't expect my third brother to be married
for brother
Not even a glass is prepared
I hope the third sister-in-law will forgive me.
It doesn't matter.
Just remember to make it up next time.
It's okay.